Minor edits to Input Validation (#355)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

Other selection criteria MAY be applied.
For example, if the Evidence format is known in advance, CoRIMs using a profile that is not understood by a Verifier can be readily discarded.

> The selection process MUST yield at least one usable tag else the Verifier MUST NOT proceed to the next stage.

Reviewer: I think this requirement should be removed actually. There are cases where you verify evidence purely through policy and no corims. You just trivially go from phase 1 to phase 5

Author: >and no corims.

Since this directive is in the CoRIM specification it's valid to assume there's a CoRIM.

Reviewer: For the theory of operation, I still don’t think halting is right. You can be prepared for corims and have none available while still wanting to advance in the appraisal pipeline

> The selection process MUST yield at least one usable tag else the Verifier MUST NOT proceed to the next stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The Verifier chooses tags from the selected CoRIMs - including CoMID, CoSWID, CoBOM, and CoTS.

The Verifier MUST discard all tags which are not syntactically and semantically valid.

> Cross-referenced triples MUST be successfully resolved. An example of a cross-referenced triple is
> a CoMID-CoSWID linking triple.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Cross-referenced triples MUST be successfully resolved. An example of a cross-referenced triple is a CoMID-CoSWID linking triple.
```

For example, in DICE, a proof of liveness is carried out on the final key in the certificate chain (a.k.a., the alias certificate).
If this is successful, a suitable certification path is looked up in the Appraisal Context, based on linking information obtained from the DeviceID certificate.
See Section 9.2.1 of {{DICE.Layer}}.
If a trusted root certificate is found, X.509 certificate validation is performed.

As a second example, in PSA {{-psa-token}} the verification public key is looked up in the appraisal context using the `ueid` claim found in the PSA claims-set.
If found, COSE Sign1 verification is performed accordingly.

> Regardless of the specific integrity protection method used, the Evidence's integrity MUST be validated successfully else the Verifier MUST NOT proceed to the next stage.

Reviewer: Evidence that doesn’t pass signature verification should not be admitted as evidence, but it should be up to policy whether one piece of evidence should spoil the bunch, when it comes to composite attesters.

Author: Good point. I will reword that.

> Regardless of the specific integrity protection method used, the Evidence's integrity MUST be validated successfully else the Verifier MUST NOT evaluate the Evidence in later stages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regardless of the specific integrity protection method used, the Verifier MUST NOT make use of Evidence which is not successfully validated.
```
